# Journaling as part of the Learning Journey

> “The relationship between the amount of writing for a course and students’ level of engagement — whether engagement is measured by time spent on the course, or the intellectual challenge it presents, or students’ level of interest in it — is stronger than the relationship between students’ engagement and any other course characteristic.”  ~ [Richard Light](https://www.questia.com/library/journal/1P3-592165951/writing-and-students-engagement)

**This learning experience** is designed to help enhance your understanding of some of the invisible forces that influence our day-to-day interactions with the world around us. In addition, the content shared here aims to support clearer and more effective communication throughout the company. This learning experience will not remove difficult situations from arising, nor will it ensure blanket agreement amongst co-workers and/or students. What it has the ability to do is provide you with options for approaching a conversation that feels daunting, in such a way that you are set up to lead said conversation with respect and an open mind.

**Self-reflection** is never simple, and neither is trying to learn from those with different life experiences and perspectives. One way to approach this experience is through your own writing. You can create a text doc and log your thoughts there, or you can choose to find a smooth gel pen and a legal pad. All that matters is that you do write. Allow yourself the time to reflect on what you learn, the things you're curious about, and the ideas you disagree with. Some topics you explore here can be more emotionally charged than others so please, be kind not only to others, but to yourself as well.

**The following lessons** all include reflection questions. Use these as a guide and feel free to expand as you see fit. This journal is just for you, and nothing needs to be shared unless you feel compelled to.
