1) A student on campus regularly demonstrates disrespectful behavior during group meetings. This student ignores the norms of pausing and paying attention to self and others. Examples of this student's behavior are attempting to engage others in conversation during facilitations, rolling their eyes when they hear something they disagree with, and frequently interrupting facilitations in order to challenge the ideas presented. Other students are feeling frustrated with the behaviors, so a 1-on-1 meeting with this student has been planned. The student is typically very flippant when confronted about their behavior and will say things like "I'm just kidding around" and "Why are you making such a big deal out of nothing?"


2) A friend has a habit of answering for you, when you're asked questions by other people. When you try and answer questions directed toward you, the friend simply speaks over you and offers their own response. Sometimes this is visible to the person asking you a question, sometimes it doesn't appear to be noticed, but in both situations you feel minimized. Due to the amount of time you spend together, you feel it's time to talk this through with your friend. Your friend, when apologizing in the past, tended to highlight that they don't *mean* to talk over you, but the behavior hasn't changed.


3) You are the lead on a team responsible for a large presentation. It's been noticeable that a member of the team you oversee is frequently checking their phone and seems chronically distracted, especially during team meetings. Most recently, they missed a key deadline that had to be met in order for the project to move forward, and it fell to you and others to pick up the slack. You need to speak with the team member and let them know if another deadline is missed, they'll be removed from the team and put on probation. Prior to the conversation, you learn from another team member that the person in question's spouse was recently let go and the family is having money troubles. Despite this, you're still required to let the team member know the expectations.
